Extend users core page (#2288)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/core-concepts/users.adoc

==== Table Columns

[.api]
[field]#Action# [required]#Required#::
The action that was taken on the user. If a reason was provided, it will be appended to the action name.

[field]#Comment# [required]#Required#::
The comment left by the actioner.

[field]#Start# [required]#Required#::
The date and time this action was started.

[field]#Expiration# [required]#Required#::
The date and time this action expired.

[field]#Actioning user# [required]#Required#::
The user that was taking the action on the user.

[field]#Actioning user id# [required]#Required#::
The Id of the user that was taking the action on the user.

=== User data

The user data tab allows you to view the user data for a user.

User data is a key value store that allows you to store arbitrary data about a user. This data is not used by FusionAuth, it is simply stored and returned when the user is retrieved. FusionAuth does not provide a UI for managing user data. It is intended to be used by your application utilizing the API.

image::core-concepts/user-data.png[User data screen in the administrative user interface.,width=1200]

=== Source

> The source tab allows you to view the user in JSON format. This is useful for debugging and troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source tab allows you to view the user account as read-only JSON. This is equivalent to retrieving the user via link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/users[the User API]. This is useful for debugging and troubleshooting.
```
